README.md, before:

#What Is animagic

animagic is a tool (or set of tools) to allow easy downloading of
currently-running anime. It's intended for people who have a number of shows
they want to track, but aren't interested in manually downloading each new
episode.

#How does it work?

Basically it downloads the episodes for you from [nyaa.eu](http://nyaa.eu). It
finds them with some interesting scraping based on *format strings*,
specific to the anime and distributor you want. It downloads the torrent files
to the folder of your choice. Done!

#What must I do?

1. Create a configuration file based on the example config in the repo.
   Required entries for each anime are: a web formatstring, all the
   features used in that formatstring, and specifically a *title* feature.
   The title feature is used to identify local copies of the anime.
2. Set the script (*cli.py*) to be run regularly (daily, hourly, whatever).
   This script is what will actually update your local anime torrent files.
   Setting this up is probably easiest with cron under Linux -- see your
   distribution's documentation for more information on using cron.
3. Do something with the torrent files. This script does not download actual
   anime -- just the torrent files. You can watch the torrent directory with
   a tool like [transmission](http://www.transmissionbt.com/)'s daemon client.

#Config file

The config file is a YAML document containing a sequence of dictionaries. Each
dictionary is an "entry" corresponding to an anime show. See the sample config
for some (working) show configurations.

#Format strings

The format strings use Python's own formatting language. See the [official
Python format string
specification](http://docs.python.org/library/string.html#format-string-syntax)
for detailed information on it.

Think of the format strings as search terms, since that's basically what they 
are. Episodes are found based on their containing the string.

Please note that the format string is passed over (i.e. formatted) twice: 
first the features are
inserted, and then in the second pass, any *episode* identifiers will be 
replaced with the episode number. The upshot of this is that you **must** give
the anime a feature that contains an '{episode}' string or variant thereof.
This feature should then be referenced in the format string in the location you
want the episode number to eventually be. 

One issue that comes up is when 
torrent providers use zero-filled episode numbers, for instance "01" instead of 
"1". The sample config shows a way to deal with this using the format string 
minilanguage and the two passes over the format string to zero-pad the episode 
number.

Commit message:

Updated readme; now mentions requirements for running

README.md, after:

#What Is animagic

animagic is a tool (or set of tools) to allow easy downloading of
currently-running anime. It's intended for people who have a number of shows
they want to track, but aren't interested in manually downloading each new
episode.

## Requirements

Requires Python 3.2+ and lxml

#How does it work?

Basically it downloads the episodes for you from [nyaa.eu](http://nyaa.eu). It
finds them with some interesting scraping based on *format strings*,
specific to the anime and distributor you want. It downloads the torrent files
to the folder of your choice. Done!

#What must I do?

1. Create a configuration file based on the example config in the repo.
   Required entries for each anime are: a web formatstring, all the
   features used in that formatstring, and specifically a *title* feature.
   The title feature is required for all anime, regardless of its use in the
   format string.
2. Set the script (*animagic-cli*) to be run regularly (daily, hourly, whatever).
   This script is what will actually update your local anime torrent files.
   Setting this up is probably easiest with cron under Linux -- see your
   distribution's documentation for more information on using cron.
3. Do something with the torrent files. This script does not download actual
   anime -- just the torrent files. You can watch the torrent directory with
   a tool like [transmission](http://www.transmissionbt.com/)'s daemon client.

#Config file

The config file is a YAML document containing a sequence of dictionaries. Each
dictionary is an "entry" corresponding to an anime show. See the sample config
for some (working in the past) show configurations.

#Format strings

The format strings use Python's own formatting language. See the [official
Python format string
specification](http://docs.python.org/library/string.html#format-string-syntax)
for detailed information on it.

Think of the format strings as search terms, since that's basically what they 
are. Episodes are found based on their containing the string.

Please note that the format string is passed over (i.e. formatted) twice: 
first the features are
inserted, and then in the second pass, any *episode* identifiers will be 
replaced with the episode number. The upshot of this is that you **must** give
the anime a feature that contains an '{episode}' string or variant thereof.
This feature should then be referenced in the format string in the location you
want the episode number to eventually be. 

One issue that comes up is when 
torrent providers use zero-filled episode numbers, for instance "01" instead of 
"1". The sample config shows a way to deal with this using the format string 
minilanguage and the two passes over the format string to zero-pad the episode 
number.
